meetings.md, before:

## Meetings - Sync every Tuesday for project milestones
### Coordinating milestone meetings at least once a week

### 2023-11-28 at 21:00 
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, and Najm
- Milestone 2: Did pull requests for everyone's requirement portion (3 hours)
- <Current attendees> Had some merge conflicts that occurred in the process of doing pull requests which we resolved
- <Benjamin> Updated our README.md file and made it look neat along with a logo and table of contents

### 2023-11-27 at 21:05
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, and Stephen
- Milestone 2: Initial Implementation - Had a meeting to see everyone's progress and did some debugging and pull requests for some of them (50 minutes)
- Togther, we have verified that we finished about 6 or more of the required 9 requirements for M2 and will complete them all by 11/28.
- README.md will be worked on in-class as a group on 11/28.

### 2023-11-17 at 21:30
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 1: Revised requirements.md document to re-adjust requirements to professor's recommendations/criteria for the project
- Verified new requirements are aligned for all teammates 

### 2023-11-13 at 20:35
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 2: Initial Implementation - Split up the functional requirements (15 minutes)
- <all> Picked out 9 functional requirements to work on and split it up among ourselves (2 2 3 2)
- Goal is to meetup on Sunday (11/19) to go over everyone's portion of their work and submit it by then.

### 2023-11-05 at 19:15
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, and Najm
- Milestone 1: Requirements check-up on progress (30 minutes)
- <Current attendees> Checked up on everyone’s progress to see if everything is looking complete. Majority of use-cases + rough sketches are done.

### 2023-11-02 at 20:40
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 1: Requirements Use-case splitting work (15 minutes)
- <all> Went over the 14 requirements we selected and split up the work (3 3 4 4)
- New goal is to finish this by Sunday the latest
- Sync up again on Sunday to see everyone's progress and verify if everything looks good

### 2023-10-30 at 19:30
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 1: Requirements overview (90 minutes)
- <Addison> Created the public git repository and shared it with group members. Also uploaded README.md, requirements.md, and meetings.md
- <all> Went over Milestone 1: Requirements and brainstormed about the 14 functional + 2 non-functional requirements needed. We will split the work after verifying if our requirements meet the rubric.
- Goal is to get this finished by Friday at the latest.
- Progress today: Made a list of more than 14 possible functional requirements and 2 non-functional requirements.

Commit message:

Updated revisions in preparation for README req addiitons

meetings.md, after:

## Meetings - Sync every Tuesday for project milestones
### Coordinating milestone meetings at least once a week

### 2023-11-28 at 21:00
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, and Najm
- Milestone 2: Verified everyone's progress and implemented all features with pull requests for some commits
- Togther, verified we have at least 9 requirements for M2
- README.md to be completed by 11/29.

### 2023-11-27 at 21:05
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, and Stephen
- Milestone 2: Initial Implementation - Had a meeting to see everyone's progress and did some debugging and pull requests for some of them (50 minutes)
- Togther, we have verified that we finished about 6 or more of the required 9 requirements for M2 and will complete them all by 11/28.
- README.md will be worked on in-class as a group on 11/28.

### 2023-11-17 at 21:30
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 1: Revised requirements.md document to re-adjust requirements to professor's recommendations/criteria for the project
- Verified new requirements are aligned for all teammates 

### 2023-11-13 at 20:35
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 2: Initial Implementation - Split up the functional requirements (15 minutes)
- <all> Picked out 9 functional requirements to work on and split it up among ourselves (2 2 3 2)
- Goal is to meetup on Sunday (11/19) to go over everyone's portion of their work and submit it by then.

### 2023-11-05 at 19:15
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, and Najm
- Milestone 1: Requirements check-up on progress (30 minutes)
- <Current attendees> Checked up on everyone’s progress to see if everything is looking complete. Majority of use-cases + rough sketches are done.

### 2023-11-02 at 20:40
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 1: Requirements Use-case splitting work (15 minutes)
- <all> Went over the 14 requirements we selected and split up the work (3 3 4 4)
- New goal is to finish this by Sunday the latest
- Sync up again on Sunday to see everyone's progress and verify if everything looks good

### 2023-10-30 at 19:30
- Attendees: Addison, Benjamin, Najm, and Stephen
- Milestone 1: Requirements overview (90 minutes)
- <Addison> Created the public git repository and shared it with group members. Also uploaded README.md, requirements.md, and meetings.md
- <all> Went over Milestone 1: Requirements and brainstormed about the 14 functional + 2 non-functional requirements needed. We will split the work after verifying if our requirements meet the rubric.
- Goal is to get this finished by Friday at the latest.
- Progress today: Made a list of more than 14 possible functional requirements and 2 non-functional requirements.
