requirements.md, before:

## Functional Requirements

Notes created on webpage are restricted to the corresponding user (other users cannot access note without permission)
A simple new user registration web page incorporated for users to create their personalized account with a username and password
Users must validate their passwords (password confirmation) when modifying their existing or when creating new accounts
Users with previously-made accounts can login with “Remember Me” during password authentication if a previous password was entered correctly for that user
New users are presented a notification with their account details after correctly filling out the required “Register user link”
Provided security questions to access account if password is forgotten
Revision history incorporated into each note—highlighting last known modified date for the note
Undo/redo button to remodify most recent note
Dropdown button which sorts organizes notes by ascending/descending order or date 
Search field which will recursively sort through all the user’s current notes
Adjustable font styles including italics, bold, size, color #Investigate shapes and arrows 
  
*Users can share notes between other users on the website
*Shared notes have read/write permissions based on the originator’s  
*Highlight and comments from users (separated from body in notes)
*Import existing notes from other users into current user’s notebook


*Website still functions in offline mode 
*Filetree/GUI folder structure for notes


<using the syntax [](images/ui1.png) add images in a folder called images/ and place sketches of your webpages>

## Non-functional Requirements
Passwords must be stored securely in database using SMA256 encryption
The font size must be no smaller than 12 for all headers on the website

<each of the 14 requirements will have a use case associated with it>
## Use Cases <Add name of who will write (this specific requirement) and implement (in subsequent milestones) the use case below>
1. Use Case Name (Should match functional requirement name)
- **Pre-condition:** <can be a list or short description>
- **Trigger:** <can be a list or short description>
- **Primary Sequence:**
1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
2. Et sequi incidunt
3. Quis aute iure reprehenderit
4. ...
5. ...
6. ...
7. ...
8. ...
9. ...
10. <Try to stick to a max of 12 steps>
- **Primary Postconditions:** <can be a list or short description>
- **Alternate Sequence:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to
describe multiple issues that may arise and their outcomes>
1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
3. ...
- **Alternate Sequence <optional>:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
3. ...

Commit message:

Updated and edited requirements.md after our last meeting on November 2, 2023

requirements.md, after:

## Functional Requirements

**Benjamin**
- Notes created on webpage are restricted to the corresponding user (other users cannot access note without permission)
- A simple user registration web page is incorporated for new users to create their personalized account with a username and password and security question (password reset)
- Users must validate their passwords (password confirmation) when modifying their existing or when creating new accounts 
**Stephen**
- Users with previously-made accounts can login with “Remember Me” during password authentication if a previous password was entered correctly for that user
- Notifications (window popups) are presented to the user when  filling out the required text fields
- Forgotten passwords can be reset using stored security question or known password
**Addison**
- Revision history incorporated into each note—highlighting last known modified date for the note
- Undo/redo button to remodify most recent note
- Dropdown button which sorts notes
- Search field which will recursively sort through all the user’s current notes
**Najm**
- Multiple typefaces and font styles  
- Hyperlinks are available on every webpage (weblinks)
- Copy, paste, and duplicate note(s)
- Modify existing user account details

<using the syntax [](images/ui1.png) add images in a folder called images/ and place sketches of your webpages>

## Non-functional Requirements
- Passwords must be stored securely in database using SMA256 encryption
- The font size must be no smaller than 12 for all headers on the website

<each of the 14 requirements will have a use case associated with it>
## Use Cases <Add name of who will write (this specific requirement) and implement (in subsequent milestones) the use case below>
1. Use Case Name (Should match functional requirement name)
- **Pre-condition:** <can be a list or short description>
- **Trigger:** <can be a list or short description>
- **Primary Sequence:**
1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
2. Et sequi incidunt
3. Quis aute iure reprehenderit
4. ...
5. ...
6. ...
7. ...
8. ...
9. ...
10. <Try to stick to a max of 12 steps>
- **Primary Postconditions:** <can be a list or short description>
- **Alternate Sequence:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to
describe multiple issues that may arise and their outcomes>
1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
3. ...
- **Alternate Sequence <optional>:** <you can have more than one alternate sequence to describe multiple issues that may arise>
1. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
2. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrum e
3. ...
